VersionCycle.md, before:

# version cycle
#### file version 2.0.3a
## this will show info about all the version categories
# prereleases
### 1st stage: Alpha
Alpha was not uploaded to GitHub... ever. It resides on my Mac at Beta 0.3.4... but I'm sure that I can rollback with the versions feature. It is the first version. Not very developed yet. 
### 2nd stage: Beta
More developed = better program. This is the stage where I uploaded to GitHub. It starts at version 0.3.  
### 3rd stage: Gamma
This is the getting-near-to-release version. It's versions 0.6 and beyond. 
### 4th stage and last prerelease: Omega
This is the last prerelease. It's version 0.8.1 and beyond. 
# releases  
### 5th stage: Early Development
First release. 1.0 and beyond. Usually there are many updates here
### 6th stage: Development
This is when it starts getting updated less. 5.3 and beyond. It's when it's a pretty stable program and the dev settles down
### 7th stage: Late Development
This is when it gets...  updates every week? Depends when it starts. When the dev has a hard time thinking of things. 
### 8th stage: Abandoned
Hope it never happens with my programs. Stops getting updated at all. Sometimes new devs come along and the whole cycle repeats. Sometimes just the release cycle. Sometimes just the pre-release cycle. It depends when it starts, sometimes — hopefully — never.

Commit message:

VC CDSE
Canada Day Special Edition

VersionCycle.md, after:

# Happy 4th of July, America! 
# A joyful Canada Day to you, Canada! 
# version cycle
#### file version 2.0.3a
## this will show info about all the version categories
# prereleases
### 1st stage: Alpha
Alpha was not uploaded to GitHub... ever. It resides on my Mac at Beta 0.3.4... but I'm sure that I can rollback with the versions feature. It is the first version. Not very developed yet. 
### 2nd stage: Beta
More developed = better program. This is the stage where I uploaded to GitHub. It starts at version 0.3.  
### 3rd stage: Gamma
This is the getting-near-to-release version. It's versions 0.6 and beyond. 
### 4th stage and last prerelease: Omega
This is the last prerelease. It's version 0.8.1 and beyond. 
# releases  
### 5th stage: Early Development
First release. 1.0 and beyond. Usually there are many updates here
### 6th stage: Development
This is when it starts getting updated less. 5.3 and beyond. It's when it's a pretty stable program and the dev settles down
### 7th stage: Late Development
This is when it gets...  updates every week? Depends when it starts. When the dev has a hard time thinking of things. 
### 8th stage: Abandoned
Hope it never happens with my programs. Stops getting updated at all. Sometimes new devs come along and the whole cycle repeats. Sometimes just the release cycle. Sometimes just the pre-release cycle. It depends when it starts, sometimes — hopefully — never.
